
Johnny Depp v Amber Heard: Actor says he never hit a woman
"I could see when she [his mother] was about to head into a situation where she was going to get riled up and someone was going to get it. And generally it was me," he said.
Johnny Depp and Amber Heard's relationship timeline
(CNN) Johnny Depp and Amber Heard are currently spending their days in a Fairfax, Virginia courthouse.

Depp, who concluded his testimony this week, is suing his ex-wife for $50 million over a 2018 Washington Post op-ed she wrote.

How they landed there --13 years after first meeting -- is a story of an on-set spark turned brief marriage gone wrong.

2009

Depp and Heard first met on the set of the film "The Rum Diary" in 2009.

Based on Hunter S. Thompson's book of the same name, the movie stars Depp as a journalist named Paul Kemp who takes a job in Puerto Rico. Heard played Chenault, who Kemp falls for at first sight.

On the witness stand in the defamation trial , Depp described the connection he felt with Heard when a scene called for their characters to kiss in a shower.

"That moment, was, it was, it felt like something, it felt like something I should not be feeling," Depp said, explaining they were each in other relationships at the time. "I think there was something in the kiss in the shower that was real."

Depp testified the two next saw each other two years later on a promotional tour for the film.

2012

Depp and his longtime partner Vanessa Paradis, who share two children, Lily-Rose and John Christopher, parted ways in 2012.

Heard and Depp began dating and later got engaged in 2014 , according to a report by People magazine at the time.

Johnny Depp and Amber Heard, then engaged, arrive at the Met Gala in 2014.

2015

Depp and Heard married in a private ceremony in Los Angeles.

2016

Heard filed for divorce after 15 months of marriage. She obtained a temporary restraining order against Depp, claiming he abused her while under the influence of drugs and alcohol.

Depp denied the accusations and a $7 million settlement was reached out of court in August 2016. Heard pledged to donate the money to charity

The actors released a joint statement at the time stating, "Our relationship was intensely passionate and at times volatile, but always bound by love. Neither party has made false accusations for financial gain. There was never any intent of physical or emotional harm."

2018

Heard penned a op-ed for The Washington Post in December of 2018 about the treatment of women in domestic abuse cases. She did not mention Depp by name.

2019

Depp sued Heard for $50 million for defamation over her Washington Post piece, claiming it cost him lucrative acting work.

2020

In 2020, Depp brought the publisher of The Sun to court for libel in the UK over a 2018 article that claimed he was violent against Heard.

Johnny Depp during his libel case in London in 2020.

Depp denied all claims of abuse.

Heard testified in that case, claiming at one point that Depp threatened to kill her "many times."

The UK court found the paper's claims to be "substantially true," and Depp was denied an appeal.

2022

The trial for Depp's defamation case against Heard began in Virginia on April 12.

Heard's lawyer said in an opening statement that Depp is "going to try to turn this case into a soap opera."

JUST WATCHED 'Blood was just pouring out': Depp on altercation with Amber Heard Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 'Blood was just pouring out': Depp on altercation with Amber Heard 04:32

Depp has testified about his experiences growing up with an abusive mother, his struggles with substance abuse and his tumultuous relationship with Heard.

Depp acknowledged in his testimony that he and Heard had arguments during their relationship but said, "Never did I myself reach the point of striking Ms. Heard in any way nor have I ever struck any woman in my life."

At the conclusion of his testimony this week he was questioned by his attorney, Jessica Meyers, about a piece of audio that was played for the court.

"What did you say in response when Ms. Heard said, 'Tell the world, Johnny. Tell them, Johnny Depp, I, Johnny Depp, a man, I'm a victim, too, of domestic violence'?" Meyers asked Depp.

"I said, 'Yes. I am,'" Depp responded.

Heard has not yet taken the stand in the trial, which expected to last six weeks.
Jealous Depp kicked me over Franco 'affair' - Heard
"He just kicked me in the back. I fell on the floor," she said. "No one said anything. No one did anything. It's like you could hear a pin drop on that plane."
Johnny Depp blames 'burn Amber' text on Monty Python
But Mr Depp said: "If anyone had a problem with my drinking, at any time in my life, it was me. The only person I've ever abused in my life is myself."
Video: Johnny Depp's friend breaks down during Amber Heard defamation trial
Are you considering going back to your old job? Watch this first
Depp suit against Heard begins, this is where both sides stand
Actor Johnny Depp is suing his ex-wife, actress Amber Heard, for defamation over a 2018 Washington Post op-ed. CNN Legal analyst Areva Martin explains why it will be a hard case for Depp to win. "Reliable Sources Daily" is available on CNN+ -- CNN's new streaming service.
Johnny Depp Case Brings Stan Culture Into the Courtroom
To hear more audio stories from publications like The New York Times, download Audm for iPhone or Android.

A frenzied scene materializes four days a week at the Fairfax County Courthouse in Virginia as fans seek seats at the defamation trial between Johnny Depp and his ex-wife Amber Heard.

The line to enter the courthouse begins before sunrise. Throughout the day, people appear carrying signs, wearing fan merch and costumes, even walking a pair of alpacas. Nearly all of them are there for Mr. Depp.

“We just want to support our captain,” said Jack Baker, 20, who arrived on Monday dressed like an extra in “Pirates of the Caribbean” to film footage for his YouTube channel. “If he goes down with the ship, we’re going down with him.”
Amber Heard Testifies About a ‘Pattern’ of Violence by Johnny Depp
Amber Heard, an actress defending herself against a defamation lawsuit filed by her ex-husband, Johnny Depp, took the stand on Wednesday, recalling how a whirlwind romance that started on a movie set descended into a “pattern” of violence perpetrated against her by the actor.

The couple first got to know each other in 2009 on the set of “The Rum Diary,” a movie that Mr. Depp produced and starred in, and they fell in love on the movie’s press tour, Ms. Heard testified. But by 2012, she said, Mr. Depp was repeatedly accusing her of infidelity and his anger would often escalate to physical attacks, despite her denials.

“He would explode,” Ms. Heard said, recounting how Mr. Depp would punch walls next to her head, shove her to the ground and slap her repetitively.

Ms. Heard often grew emotional during her testimony as she explained the physical confrontations in graphic terms, at times appearing chagrined as she gave reasons for staying in the relationship despite her misgivings.
Depp v Heard: What you might have missed this week
"I was not surprised at all to see this happen, as it was predictable and lazy," psychologist Dr Jessica Taylor said in a statement. "Thousands of women just like Amber... will be ordered to have psychiatric evaluations which more often than not, diagnose her with a personality disorder in order to discredit her testimony."
Heard takes stand, accuses Depp of violent sexual assault
FALLS CHURCH, Va. -

Actor Amber Heard tearfully told jurors Thursday that Johnny Depp sexually assaulted her with a liquor bottle in an alcohol-fuelled rage.

The March 2015 incident in Australia, where Depp was filming the fifth "Pirates of the Caribbean" movie, is sharply disputed and has been a focal point of the four-week civil trial in Fairfax, Virginia.

The night ended with the tip of Depp's middle finger cut off, and him writing vulgar messages in blood on the walls of the house. Depp denies assaulting her in any way and says his finger was severed when Heard threw a vodka bottle at him; Heard said she'd taken sleeping pills after she was attacked and was not awake when the finger was severed.

The graphic description of the sexual assault left Heard fighting for her composure as she described it to jurors. She said Depp had been angry as soon as she arrived in Australia, roughly a month after the couple had married in February 2015.

He was accusing her of sleeping with co-stars in her movies, including Billy Bob Thornton and Eddie Redmayne, with whom she'd just shot the film "The Danish Girl" -- accusations she denied.

The fight escalated to the point where he threw her into a ping-pong table, breaking it, Heard testified. He ripped off her nightgown, and Heard said she was naked and exposed as she was assaulted.

"I couldn't get up. I thought he was punching me," she said. "I could just feel this pressure on my pubic bone."

She thought he was assaulting her with his fist, but later figured out that she was being assaulted with a bottle, and realized that there had been numerous bottles broken in the fight.

"I looked around and saw so much broken glass. I just remember thinking, `Please God, please don't be broken,"' she said.

Heard described bizarre details in the aftermath of the attack, including seeing her shredded burgundy nightgown used to wrap a raw steak that had been left out. She said that when Depp's security team finally arrived to tend to his severed finger, Depp was still trying to leave vulgar messages for her, but was trying to write them by urinating on the wall.

Much of the trial testimony has been repetitive of a civil suit Depp filed against a British newspaper. A judge there ruled against Depp in 2020, finding that Heard had in fact been assaulted multiple times by Depp. But the sexual assault allegations described by Heard on Thursday were not publicly aired in the U.K trial.

Depp is suing Heard in Virginia for libel over an op-ed she wrote in The Washington Post describing herself as "a public figure representing domestic abuse." His lawyers say he was defamed by the 2018 article even though it never mentioned his name.

Earlier in her testimony Thursday, Heard testified that Depp surrounded himself with an entourage of enablers to shield him from the consequences of his drug and alcohol use.

She described an incident that has already come up at trial, a May 2014 plane ride from Boston to Los Angeles. According to Heard, Depp was jealous and irate that she was making a movie with actor James Franco that included a kissing scene.

"He hated, hated James Franco," she said.

As soon as Depp stepped into the private plane, he began berating her, she said. She got up and walked away, but Depp followed her. At one point, he slapped her, Heard testified. Later, she said, he kicked her, and not one person on board intervened on her behalf.

"I felt this boot in my back," she said. "I fell to the floor. And no one said anything. No one did anything. You could have heard a pin drop. I just remember feeling so embarrassed."

Depp, who testified earlier in the trial, described the incident differently. He denied that he'd drank excessively before getting on the plane, and said Heard initiated an argument and pursued him until he felt compelled to hide in a bathroom.

But jurors heard a recording Heard made toward the end of the incident, in which it sounds like Depp is howling and babbling incoherently. And the jury has seen a text message Depp sent his friend Paul Bettany shortly after the flight, in which he says he's going to "properly stop the booze thing" because the flight got "ugly." He also texted Bettany saying, "I'm admittedly too f----- in the head to spray my rage at the one I love for little reason as well."

Heard has testified that she was physically and sexually assaulted on multiple occasions by Depp, typically when he was drunk or high on drugs. Depp has denied ever hitting her, but Heard's lawyers have said his denials lack credibility in part because he can't remember what he's done when he blacks out.

Depp has said Heard greatly exaggerates his drinking, and that he tolerates his liquor well. Friends, family and employees of Depp have taken the stand and backed up his contention.

But Heard said that's part of the problem: She said Depp has a team around him that cleans him up when he gets sick, and enables him to go about his business without acknowledging the consequences of his drinking.